Readme.md, before:

# Ondamend

## 📖 About Ondamend
Ondamend is a revolutionary app designed to help individuals with PTSD heal and receive the treatment they need. Through personalized therapy sessions, mindfulness exercises, and community support, Ondamend provides a safe and effective way for users to take control of their mental well-being. Our goal is to make professional help accessible, affordable, and convenient for everyone in need.

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites
- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)
- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- Android Studio / Xcode (for emulator testing)

### Steps to Install
1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Ondamend.git
   cd Ondamend
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Run the app**
   - For Android: `npx react-native run-android`
   - For iOS: `npx react-native run-ios`

---

## ✨ Features


---

## 🔮 Future Roadmap
### Upcoming Features:


---

## 👨‍💻 Developer Credits & Contributions
**Founder & Lead Developer:** lavi luria (@lavilu124)  
**Contributors:** [OndaMend]  

---

💙 *Together, we make healing possible.*

Commit message:

fixed read me and added track
done with the read me and open a new page for the track

Readme.md, after:

# Ondamend

## 📖 About Ondamend
Ondamend is a revolutionary app designed to help individuals with PTSD heal and receive the treatment they need. Through personalized therapy sessions, mindfulness exercises, and community support, Ondamend provides a safe and effective way for users to take control of their mental well-being. Our goal is to make professional help accessible, affordable, and convenient for everyone in need.

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites
- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)
- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- Android Studio / Xcode (for emulator testing)

### Steps to Install
1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Ondamend.git
   cd Ondamend
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Run the app**
   - For Android: `npx react-native run-android`
   - For iOS: `npx react-native run-ios`

---

## ✨ Features:
- ** sign in and up** - you can sign in and up to the app.
- ** Profile page** - you have a profile page.
- ** Secure & Private ** - your data is secure with us yay.
---

## 🔮 Future Roadmap
### Upcoming Features:
- **📊 Progress Tracking** – Monitor emotional and mental well-being.
- **🌎 Community Support** – Engage with others on the healing journey.
---

## 👨‍💻 Developer Credits & Contributions
**Founder & Lead Developer:** lavi luria (@lavilu124)  
**Contributors:** [OndaMend]  

---

💙 *Together, we make healing possible.*
